All right, so I got the price working,
why don't you
spend about seven minutes to
get the quantity working.
And then we'll take the fact that once we
have the price, the quantity the ability
add or remove items, all we need
to do is get the totals working.
Everything along those lines cuz in fact,
I already have the tip
percentage update in place.
So we'll have everything we need
to figure out how to compute and
derive some data as well.
So take a little bit of time, get up
stretch, see if you can implement that.
I'm gonna push up the live coding branch,
and I'm gonna drop a CodeSandbox.
So you can start exactly from my code and
pick up where I left off.